Right. Okay. So, thanks everyone uh for
joining today and welcome back to the
build on Canon hackathon. Uh today's
session is the Canon EOS ecosystem
overview uh where we're going to have a
broader look at where C canon sits in
the market and the opportunities for you
guys as builders. So, just a quick
reminder before we start, your final
submission date um closes on Monday the
13th of July at 12:59 uh BST. Okay? And
your project must be deployed live on
the Canton DevNet to be order to to
qualify. And I'll give more info uh on
that at the end of the um
uh meeting today. So uh keep your keep
keep your questions coming in the chat u
throughout and we'll be able we'll be
happy to sort of go through them. Uh and
today speaker is Jacob Chambers and he's
director of business development at uh
Canton. So over to you Jacob.
>> Yeah, thank you so much and and thank
you all for joining today and and more
importantly thank you for participating
in this. Um you know we uh we we've been
very excited about the program we've
been able to put together here. um with
uh with partnership with the Canton
Foundation and with with Encode uh to to
pull this off and so um you know this is
this is critical work and very
meaningful. Um so just to to give you
guys an overview of of where I sit in
the organization
um I lead our partnerships and
infrastructure group um what what that
means is you know we have uh and and I
work for Digital Asset I should I should
also say. So, for those who aren't
familiar, Digital Asset created the
Canton network. Um, I'll go into a
little bit of that history there to
provide some contextual uh basis for um
for how I think about the ecosystem. Um,
but Digital Asset created the Canton
network. Um, you know, we're we're a
10-year-old organization, over 10 year
olds organization this point. Um, and we
we provide different primitives and
technological primitives u to to help
organizations who are building on on the
network. Um we also are very actively
involved in uh the go to market and
growth of the ecosystem as well. Um but
but also at the same time a very much a
for-profit company um and just one
member of of the broader canton network.
Um so within digital asset I lead our
partnerships group um which works with
anything from large uh advisory and
consulting firms to um uh development
shops to cloud providers and
hyperscalers
um to to help grow and advocate for the
the ecosystem. Um, also on the kind of
Canton network mainet side, oversee our
infrastructure, our stable coins and
crypto teams. And so infrastructure is
really anything that underpins the
ecosystem, all of our wallet custody,
uh, all of your node operations, um, any
of the bridges and interop, anybody
doing anything with data, AML, KYC, risk
intelligence, um, oracles, things like
that. Um and then on the stable coins
and crypto side um you know all all
issuers stable coin orchestration any
piece of stable coin infra uh as well as
um the uh uh our DeFi landscape within
within crypto. Uh and so through that
overseeing those teams we kind of um I
work with them to go and and put you
really a three-phased approach towards
our ecosystem engagement. So we go out
and we help recruit organizations who we
think would be valuable to the Canton
ecosystem um and and help them um you
make a decision to deploy technology
services etc within within Canton. Um
and then we go through a very deep
enablement motion of making sure those
organizations are enabled as they
interact uh within Canton um and can can
do whatever it is they do as a business
right capably within within Canton. Um
and then kind of in the third phase once
once all the enablement's done we we do
joint go to market and um and joint
scaling of of their mo of their activity
um of of additional BD work in
partnership together um etc. And so have
had the uh the chance to work with you
know anybody from um you know kind of
your your largest global exchanges your
largest centralized exchanges your
largest bridge operators um all the way
down to you know one two person uh
organizations who are who are just
starting up and seeking their first seed
round of capital. So a very broad scope
of of exposure there. Um and uh and and
really
um interesting insights across the
board. Um I do have to apologize. Uh we
as digital asset right now are in the
middle of very critical um testing
cycles um with a a notable global uh
partner um which you'll be seeing press
press releases about in in the in the
coming weeks. Um, due to that I'm I'm
having certain infosc controls on what
I'm able to share uh and and what access
I'm able to get to my computer. And so I
I had a nice deck uh with an ecosystem
overview built out. I'm trying to work
with our internal security teams to see
if they can uh open the door to to allow
me to share here. Um but unfortunately
my browser permissions are are locked.
So I'll talk through um again some of
the origins of digital asset the uh the
motivations for architecting canon the
way that we did. Um I'll I'll segue that
into an overview of just Canton network
in the early innings and where we find
ourselves in the evolution of the
ecosystem. Uh we'll give some
information on some of the thematic
opportunities we see within the network.
Uh and then um and then finally go into
into areas that that should be right for
development and opportunity for um for
building within Canton. Uh if at any
point throughout this I get a ping from
from our infosc teams that I'm able to
uh to share and and um pull up the slide
deck, you know, I'll I'll save you guys
from having to look at look at my face
talking the entire time. So um yeah,
thanks. With that, let me go in and and
kind of start from the top. So So
basically when when I go and talk with
ecosystem participants and and share
Canton, um you know, really I I I anchor
on a couple of things that we do very
differently um than than other
ecosystems. And so, uh, the the first
and foremost message that most
participants take away, um, from working
with us is is frankly the fact that that
we have privacy, um, as as an L1, you
know, and, uh, we're pretty, um, open
about saying that we, you know, we're
the only network that that has privacy.
Um, there are a lot of other blockchains
that, um, uh, position their technology
as having some form of privacy. Uh, but
you can get into semantics. A lot of us
would believe that you know there's
there's a form of anonymity there which
isn't necessarily true privacy and and
the way we define privacy is uh
individual actors on network have
control over their own data um and and
the permissions of their data and who's
allowed to see what in in certain uh
transactional environments. And so that
approach to privacy selective disclosure
is is how that's categorized. role-based
permissioning in some contexts. Um
really provides a different element of
privacy uh that resonates with
definitely an institutional audience but
also uh progressively more and more with
with kind of the um next wave of of
crypto and DeFi that we see popping up
where um you can provide very
interesting tools and capabilities if
you have control over privacy that way.
So
rewinding back to the origins of digital
asset, digital asset was started by
Yuval Ruse and um and Eric Sarini and
Shawer. Uh Eric and Uval were working
within DRW at the time um which is a
large uh market maker um and and prop
trading firm. Um uh they started
Cumberland and and and and were very
early in DRW ventures and then partnered
with Shawer who who had been working on
um security and privacy in based out of
Israel. the the thesis here was to take
all the value of blockchain um you know
the very they realized very early on
that obviously blockchain itself early
bit Bitcoin um early Ethereum had the
opportunity to really change how finance
flowed um but you you couldn't do that
on the public ledger and so find a way
to utilize this technology and uh
constructed in a way that made sense for
firms that wanted to do institutional
regulated type workflows um but but also
wanted to control and sovereignty of
their data. So set out uh to to
effectively establish that process. Um
one of the core developments in uh
architecting the stack early on was the
uh creation of DAML um who you may be
very well familiar with at this point
but is our proprietary smart contract
language um that that allows to code
contracts uh with the privacy
permissions on Canton. um that combined
with the underlying blockchain of of
what is now the the Canton blockchain um
[clears throat] the we were able to uh
basically position blockchain technology
in an institutional way. So through the
first 10 years of the network um we took
to market this technology um in in a way
that uh was was really oriented towards
large institutions and so worked with
global banks like Goldman Sachs, HSBC
um BNP to build tokenization platforms
uh worked with uh large global banks to
manage uh large books of broadly
syndicated loans. Um I think many of you
may have seen that we worked with with
the financial technology firm Broadidge
to uh build a repo application that um
today does about seven half trillion
dollars of notional volume in in repo
trading per month um five of the largest
oil and gas producers to settle physical
natural gas trades um amongst one
another uh utilizing blockchain ledger.
And so all of those different types of
institutional activities uh were um were
were were are enabled uh via the canton
blockchain demo smart contracts. Um and
the go to market was very much focused
around a kind of oneoff you know
enterprise DT uh type engagement. So
we'd work with these institutions to
execute their specific use case um
utilizing the technology. But there
there really wasn't a uh broader
environment for for these organizations
to um to interact with and and the
demand from the clients had had been we
would like for uh to to increase
composability. All along that was a
capability via the Kto blockchain as as
many of you guys know now and and we see
in the modern can network as it is
today. Um but but that really wasn't the
appetite of institutions early on and it
became a demand over time. you know,
okay, we have this technology here, we
have this these these applications that
have been developed. How do we segue
that into um you know, a composable
environment that looks more like what
public blockchains looked like? Um, you
know, as some of an anecdote there, I
think most of us who are in the space
and you know, the early 2020s, right?
Um, realize that there was a there was a
kind of a a talking point that permeated
throughout the industry is like, oh, you
know, uh, you either are a private
blockchain or you're a public
blockchain. there was really no concept
of of kind of a public blockchain
ecosystem with privacy. Um and so that
was um that was kind of the the demand
of our client base and really kind of
where we always oriented or intended for
the network to be to be oriented towards
and end up as. Uh so as as the climate
began to allow for that, institutions
became more comfortable with public
blockchain that demand became louder
amongst our existing client base. um you
know it it the opportunity became ripe
for uh for launching what what had
always kind of been the plan in in the
Canton network mainet. And so just over
two years ago, I think it was two years
ago last week or maybe a couple of weeks
ago um we we took the Canten network
mainet live uh with with an early cohort
of launch partners um and uh and and and
now have since you know spent the past
two years scaling that up. And so the
difference here is uh from from an
architectural standpoint of what the K10
network mainet is versus what you know
we had built as digital asset and and
previously um our previous clients was
within all of these different
applications uh for there's there's
always been a a synchronizer that
synchronizes the private transactions
amongst different parties. With the
launch of the Canton network we we
launched what is referred to as the
global synchronizer. So that's
effectively the the synchronizer that
sits at the middle is somewhat of a post
office we like to say of private
transactions across the ecosystem
um that that helps order and and route
uh the the private transactions that are
validated by individual validators. So
we launched the global synchronizer that
synchronizer is operated by the super
validators on network. uh it is uh also
by by way of launch at at time of launch
was gifted um in governance to uh at the
time that the Linux foundation. So Linux
foundation had set up a separate program
underneath uh their open source uh
governance model um around the Canton
network um that originally was named the
Global Synchronizer Foundation. It has
since been renamed to the Canten
Foundation and so Canton Foundation
oversees the governance. The global
synchronizer is is is operated by the
collective superv validators. Um and
digital asset is is is one of those
super validators. We sit um on certain
governance committee boards within the
foundation. Um but you have many many
very prominent ecosystem actors that
fill both the infrastructure side of of
responsibility of of the global
synchronizer and running SV nodes as
well as the governance um within
committees like tokconomics committee,
tech and ops committee um and
subcommittees like you know collateral
subcommittee or um marketing
subcommittee things things like that. Um
at the same time of launching the global
synchronizer uh you all are probably
very well aware that we launched
Cantencoin as um an intentionally public
token uh that is validated by the super
validators in the global synchronizer.
Um Cantencoin was a very fair launch. It
was um it it uh everybody who has who
has earned cantoncoin there's a premine
preuance. was launched on day one
genesis block of the network. Anybody
who's earned Cantencoin has done it by
providing some sort of value to the
ecosystem. So either running some sort
of infrastructure um participating users
through their validator nodes also
receive Cantoncoin distributions um and
and uniquely one of our other very uh
unique differentiators as a network is
that we also reward the applications,
right? Um, and so if you have an
application that brings value to the
ecosystem, we want to make sure that you
are rewarded in token emissions, um, not
just having those emissions go to to the
infrastructure and the validator layer,
um, like like they are in other
ecosystems. Um, and and so that's, uh,
we like to kind of aligned incentives,
right? We we want the organizations that
are providing utility to to the
ecosystem to receive tokens. Um those
three tokens uh streams are again began
on day one of Canton network. They're on
a 10-year fixed minting curve. Uh where
each one has a set distributed amount
per year. Um once we hit the end of that
10-year curve,
uh we will it goes into a long tail of
emissions. um over time. Um across all
three of those streams, the application
rewards uh receive the vast majority of
uh applications receive the vast
majority of rewards over time. Um and so
it's it's obviously a very lucrative
opportunity for for organizations to go
in and um and and earn those tokens
through that stream. Um the last point
on the token that I'll make um and I
think is is an interesting one too is
that through that set fixed 10-year
cycle again you have the the set amount
of tokens that are minted on every
10-minute block basis. Um but all of the
the fees that are generated on network
you know about a dollar in fees um
[snorts] so every transaction costs
somewhere around generally a dollar.
it's it's based in megabyte size, but
within that fee structure uh the the
fees are paid in Canton Coin and they're
they're burned off network. And so um at
some point and I think most people track
this if you follow crypto Twitter or
follow Kanto network um online are
tracking towards what we refer to as
kind of the the burnment equilibrium to
where burn of the tokens through the fee
missions uh at at some point will allow
or effectively potentially outpace the
distribution mechanism um that is that
is fixed today. And so that is uh you
know assuming that that we reach that
that point where the the token then
becomes deflationary and and there's
there potentially if the market cap
stays equal some some upward price
pressure there. So a very interesting
tokconomic structure um particularly in
comparison to to anything that um you
most most other uh networks have put out
in in the market today.
Um on the the general go to market of of
the ecosystem. Yeah, I think we we I I
kind of look at this in in phases. Um
since since we've taken the Canton
network mainet live um over over the
past two years, you know, the way that
we rolled out the ecosystem was really
finding our your core partners to kind
of establish, you know, minimum viable
network in the first six months of of
the of the network. So if we cut back to
the second half of 2024,
um it was really spent around finding
those those kind of key early scaling
partners to to provide growth to
network. The early partners to run other
super validator nodes. Uh the early
partners to provide um validator node
operations and um and white label
validator nodes for customers. Uh the
early partners to provide wallet and
custody services. Uh I believe there's
there was a a single day where I think
DFNS and Copper both went live uh the
same day and there's a little bit of a
debate as to who was the first to
actually support as as a wallet custo
provider on network. Right? So those are
two of the early partners that we had
jump in um kind of right off the bat to
help us scale out the ecosystem. Um
early KYC providers early early um uh
data visualization things like that. So
the first six months were spent kind of
building that that core base of the
network that we could then go scale this
this ecosystem on top of. Um from there
and throughout 2025 the next year I say
was was a very rapid expansion phase. um
you know bringing in more use case
driven partnerships. Um you bringing in
more of the the traditional or
institutions that um you found
themselves in the middle of a kind of a
macropolitical climate last year that
allowed for institutions to actually
take the step into into public
blockchain ecosystems um and and
expanding out the utility u of uh of the
ecosystem by way of this this rapid
expansion. So I think beginning of last
year and in in you know January February
time we had somewhere between 30 and and
45 validator nodes on the Canton network
mainet um operating by the end of 2025
um you know we we had eclipsed I think
950,000 nodes um and so a pretty rapid
expansionary phase across all types of
customers um uh operators uh
infrastructure providers etc.
um the the core focus and market
opportunity that that Canton had really
set out to tackle given the unique
components that we have in terms of
privacy um and uh and and in the control
of the smart contracts um within Canton
had been around kind of a couple of
broad categories, right? And so um we we
found ourselves kind of thinking about
the the evolution of of the ecosystem
from go to market lens through kind of
an assetbased perspective, right? Um you
know we've we've focused on bringing
very high quality collateral assets into
Canton. Um this is uh evidenced in in
the or or represented really in the form
primarily of short-term government bonds
um and in short-term government debt. Uh
other pieces of highquality collateral
um are also of high interest whether
that's you know potentially you know
wrapped bitcoin from other ecosystems or
um or or potentially a commodity like
gold um or or some sort of money market
fund or something of that effect, right?
Um the highquality collateral assets is
something that uh we've we've focused on
making sure we have sufficient liquidity
of and work with uh the right issuers to
bring into the ecosystem. Um, this right
now is is really kind of manifested
through our work with central securities
deposiitories throughout the globe like
the DTCC, uh, Eurocar, Euronext, uh,
Clear Stream, of course, uh, the JSCC in
Japan to to help bring, um, you know, at
at the source of these assets, um, the
the the the issuance of them on chain.
Another angle of kind of the assetbased
uh approach that we've taken is really
around um cash cash equivalent. So
stable coins um both you know USD genius
compliant USD non-genius compliant USD
um non USD stable coins um things of
that sort uh you know there's been a
large emphasis now to bring sufficient
liquidity in across the whole stable
coin landscape. Uh I think you guys may
have seen we we we are pretty active in
the tokenized deposit realm as well
working with a lot of the the global
banks um to to issue their tokenized
deposit strategies on Canton. And so
really making sure we have sufficient
cash options as well um within within
the network. Uh and then and then the
third kind of leg of that stool, if you
will, um that that helps us kind of
create a very robust virtual ecosystem
that we focused on is um is is bringing
on high quality applications that can
mobilize those two sorts of asset
classes. Um and so within [snorts] the
collateral side of things um and and and
short-term government debt, you know,
you see a lot of use cases centered
around capital markets. So things like
repo trading is something that's very
popular. Um I'm happy to do do Q&A on um
you know how uh how how we see re repo
uh opportunities within the ecosystem.
Um also around lending uh around margin
management at exchanges um things like
that the collateral mobility is uh is is
is a huge market opportunity. To put
some context around that I think there's
200 trillion some odd dollars of
eligible collateral currently locked up.
And the reason it's locked up is because
it's underpinning very inefficient
systems, long settlement delay cycles,
um mismatch systems that require a lot
of reconciliation across various data
constructs, things like that. And so if
you can bring that onchain, increase
efficiency, reduce risk around a lot of
these different systems, um you you can
you can free up that trap collateral and
and organizations can mobilize it more
and have more working capital to go to
go earn money. And so that's been a very
very core focus and we we've been uh
again you know kind of strategically
working with a lot of global
institutions and organizations to make
sure that we can we can uh uh unlock
that trap collateral and utilize these
high quality collateral assets to uh to
mobilize within the ecosystem. Uh of
course there's cash components of that
as well. Most of all of these different
collateral flows have have some sort of
cash element to them too. Um and but we
we see additional use cases with with
tokenized cash. And so I think most
people would akin a lot of the success
of uh of of crypto, a lot of the growth
of crypto over the past 18 months to uh
really stable coins finding product
market fit um over the past two years. I
I think I was on a panel um uh in in New
York back in January and the question
was asked you know why why have we seen
this this institutional wave of adoption
and I think most everybody's answer on
the entire panel was well one we have
regulatory clarity in a way which is
which helps a lot too I think the
broader market realizes that you know
stable coins are kind of a no-brainer
right um you know they uh the the again
the very inefficient systems that we
have across uh across the um the world
through through payment cycles and
markets etc. um can can really be
optimized by by ways of tokenized cash.
And so we're working uh with various
providers to do things like you know B2B
payments crossber uh payroll uh treasury
management use cases you being able to
go in and out of yield bearing assets
into into dollar based tokenized assets
uh for for large organizations or or
even smaller organizations that want to
optimize their uh their internal balance
sheets and and efficiencies. Um and and
then down into even retail use cases for
you maybe your retail user that doesn't
necessarily want to spend on a public
chain would rather spend you know swipe
a card backed by stable coins but
actually has some privacy behind it. And
so we have this the whole spectrum of of
of payments kind of focused with with
the tokenized cash element too. Uh and
then the last bit of the ecosystem that
I'll that I'll speak towards and maybe
kind of uh uh take a step back and open
up for and speak to where opportunities
for developers might be is within all of
these. So we've talked about a lot about
you know kind of general collateral
capital markets type use cases you know
uh high quality liquid assets um uh that
that can help enable these flows. the
payment side of things um both [snorts]
both businessto business retail payments
um that sort there's there's been a very
very cool ecosystem of native DeFi
that's popped up within Canton um really
really kind of under its its own accord
um and I think we've seen a lot of very
um impressive and and uh motivated you
know entrepreneurs come in and and
develop things like you know dexes
privacy or or borrow lend and with
privacy but also with you know the
ability to incorporate some
institutional assets into those lending
protocols. Um you know we have I've seen
recently in the past like week or two um
you know per stack is live onchain and
we have we have prediction markets
within canton as well um and so a very
very robust um vault vault curators very
robust defi
uh ecosystem has has sprung up under our
feet um which is which has been very fun
to watch for you know kind of an
organization at digital asset who had
been so institutionally focused um in in
kind of the trad world for the past 10
years and so uh the way that We like to
work with with a lot of these providers
as well is to to see okay who can we uh
uh work with to get exposure to um you
know kind of institutional grade assets
or institutional grade use cases and
provide a lot of these very interesting
and compelling services that um that
that you know crypto has created uh into
into an ecosystem that has asset base
like that that has kind of a network
that that Canton has. And so we're
really trying to merge both sides of of
kind of the the the the DeFi crypto
native world with with Tradfi as we meet
in the middle here. Um and and we think
that you know it's it's even it's pretty
telling right now that we are one of the
core areas um within the industry that
is that is providing that that
convergence.
So I think that's kind of state of the
ecosystem. Um
broad categories on where we see
opportunity. I I think that there is a
there's some thematic categories that I
think uh people can build towards and
opportunities for builders uh within the
ecosystem both if you're starting your
own organization or you know kind of
going through um v various accelerator
programs. I think the enablement of the
convergence of of these sorts of uh of
these sorts of types of companies,
right? So the ability for institutions
to be able to um have reliable data
streams and data access to various DeFi
components. Um the ability for the
infrastructure layer to support uh what
um the the the marriage of of these two
of these two types of of organizations,
right? whether that's through um you
know shared node infrastructure or um uh
uh you know the uh uh common validation
right or decentralized validation across
nodes on canton things like that just
that you know kind of capitalizing on
providing infrastructure services data
at that wedge um that appeal to both
institutional and in a crypton native
audience I think is is something that's
that's interesting and an area to focus
on um I think there's a whole wealth of
opportunity to provide payment services
again um kind of very similar to what's
been done in in in other more public
ecosystems, blockchain ecosystems, but
on Canton with privacy uh is something
that I think is also ripe for for
development. Um, I think from uh from
kind of a an approach standpoint, I
think there's very interesting
opportunities for builders to to work
with large institutions, large
organizations who have very interested
and compelling digital asset teams um to
to help co-develop. Um you know those
are those are certain uh things that you
know we see a lot of Q&A come through
from large institutions on you know how
can we work with with native builders um
to best understand how to optimize you
know our our systems and programs and
and and you know increase our education
uh around um you know uh whether it's
smart contract language or bits of
infrastructure or or whatever else uh to
to go and execute the the different
initiatives and and programs they have
internally. Uh those are just a few. I I
think there's there's a much broader
list here of where opportunity lies. Uh
but those are top of mind, of course,
given where we sit. Uh and and some of
the things that we've seen come across
our plate. Um
with that, I could probably take a pause
and see if there's any questions. I I
see a one pop up on Q&A
here.
So, what is your advice for foreign
founders that want to build a startup on
Canton in the States?
>> [snorts]
>> So would the
would the oh I guess I need to click
answer here. Um
would the startup be based in the states
or would you just be soliciting to end
customers in the states? Um I I I'm not
sure if you can provide direct feedback
in the chat stream here but I'm happy to
to kind of touch on both. So I mean from
from basing the startup in the states I
I think that that you know you'd have to
kind of speak to a lawyer. I'm wearing a
hoodie at a desk. I'm not wearing a tie.
So, there's probably somebody that can
better answer that question as to how to
like actually structure it. Um, in terms
of providing a startup and soliciting to
to organizations in the states, I think
one of the things that we're happy to do
depending on whatever the startup is.
Um, is we're happy to provide opinions
on again where we see market opportunity
with our existing ecosystem partners and
participants. uh provide you know kind
of a a POV as to how we can connect
whatever service or or application it is
that you're looking to to build as a
founder um into those uh into those
those those relationships and those
those channels uh and and helps uh
engage in joint go to market together um
you know when when the time is right um
based off of whatever you're building
and so a lot of ways I can probably
tackle that question um but uh but in in
principle I think the core of it is, you
know, we're we're happy to help. Um, I
think that there is a there's an
opportunity for for off for for non- US
founders to provide services. We we see
that happen ac all the time across the
ecosystem. It just kind of depends on
what service you're providing, who your
target customer is, um, and and what the
engagement model is between you as a
founder and and your end customer.
Uh, I think that was the only question
that I've seen in the chat. I'm not sure
if there's anything else that uh
that that is come up elsewhere or I'm
not sure if the ENCO team has filled any
directly. U maybe maybe I'm not looking
at the right uh the right channel here,
but um happy to take any other
questions.
Okay.
I don't see any kind of third. Dwight
Shrew, do you have uh do you have
anything on your end?
>> Um no, I think actually just one more
uh came on the chat just now.
So why
>> minting plan is setting for 10 years?
Would that timeline change due to all
the situation happened?
>> No. So the the minting plan for the
token is is set. Um now I'll say that
Canton is decently governed, right? Um
you know we have uh we have a
tokconomics committee that votes on on
various um you know elements of uh of of
of the network. Um, I to be quite
honest, I would have to go in and read
the bylaws to see if if the minting
schedule would ever be ch or could ever
be changed. I I don't nobody's ever
brought that up before in the past. I
don't believe that it's of anybody's
interest to. I think we we all
understand the tokens emissions um, you
know, are are kind of set in a way that
I think everybody agrees are are are
pretty um, uh, pretty appropriate. And
so from a governance standpoint, um, it
surely wouldn't be at our soul
discretion to change them. Um but the
the 10-year minting curve and you know
having three different set token uh
allocation tranches between the SV
tokens, the app reward tokens and the
validator tokens um is is something that
um that that at this point I said and
you know everybody is is kind of
building around today
and I'm not sure if I could even
speculate on whatever change that but I
in my personal opinion me not speaking
as a representative digital asset I I
ever foresee that changing. Um
>> I think we have another question in the
chat as well. Uh do you see solutions on
canon for commercial banking uh in high
demand? Happy to speak further after
this call.
>> Yeah, completely. Um I think so. So
commercial banking uh I mean again if we
talked about v various elements of
banking both you know kind of optimizing
for the deposit base um within bankings
the lending activities uh of banks to
their customers u cash management kind
of standard banking activities I think
all of those across the board um have uh
have have relevant footholds within our
network um with use cases that we see
popping up within participants that are
asking for different um for different uh
services and offerings and and partners
like this. And so, yeah, absolutely. I
think um I think there's certainly a
demand. And if you look at the longtail
opportunity of of how you're seeing some
of the banks approach um you know,
various DeFi concepts too and weaving
those into um into what they're they're
doing as as as organizations. Um I think
you could find some really cool
interesting categories, right? So, I
know this isn't necessarily on the
commercial banking side, but there could
be some elements of like cash
management, but like you saw JP Morgan,
I think, uh, you know, launched a vault
um, just this past couple weeks in the
past two weeks or so. Um, you know,
those those sorts of kind of cash
management, yield bearing mechanisms
that can be applied to the way the the
commercial banks interact with um, with
with their customers, with their
clients. Um, you there's a lot of
different opportunities for them to to
provide differentiated services and very
interesting angles of support.
All right. Uh, from Keith, which
financial institutions are seeing the
most value from Canton today?
Um,
there there's a couple different ways to
approach that. I could go use case uh,
but I could also say I think it's the
ones that have have really committed to
to to to tinkering with the service,
right? um as a financial institution uh
there is as you can imagine for most of
these large organizations uh there
there's a lot of decision-m that needs
to go um go into deciding whether or not
to to participate uh and you know
there's this whole legacy kind of wave
of of of of crypto adoption where you
know if you kind of issue a PR press
release and and maybe go through a
couple pilots um you know that was that
was sufficient in the past but over the
past you know two or three years we're
now seeing, you know, organizations
actually like really dig in and and take
very cool, interesting products to
market. And and so from from an approach
standpoint, the ones that are seeing the
most value are the ones that are um that
that are that are most adept to um to to
adopting technology that have, you know,
business buyin as well as, you know, the
kind of tech and innovation buyin within
their organizations. Um, as far as which
types of organizations those are, uh, I
think you're seeing a lot of, um, a lot
of interest from from various exchanges,
um, to to, you know, optimize the the
assets that they can that they can trade
and, um, and offer their clients. Um,
so, you know, there's a lot of talk
around tokenized equities and and how
those um, can can play into what sort of
assets are offered to to client bases.
um underneath the hood, the the
management of collateral is is a very
very uh compelling value prop to to a
lot of organizations and and and clients
of certain exchanges. Um the banks of
course uh I think most people are
tracking um you know what the largest
banks are doing with their with their
tokenized cash strategies, their their
tokenized deposit strategies, stable
coin strategies. Um at this point I
think every financial institution has
some sort of of cash strategy. Um and so
so those are definitely very prevalent.
Um yeah. Yeah. Those are
all right. Um I think
that was it on the ones that have come
through the chat.
I'm happy to uh to answer any as well
offline. I'll uh I'll go ahead and put I
maybe at risk to myself. I'll put my
Telegram handle in here if anybody um
has any questions. Feel free to hit me
up on Telegram at any point. Um, you
know, we have uh we have a very capable
team at digital asset that's happy to
help uh with with anything that you guys
may be looking to to do on network. Uh,
okay. Do you think if canon network is
going to be successful in the future?
The question is, do you think if Canton
network is going to be successful in the
future, it will or the goal of it is to
replace your traditional banking
services?
>> [snorts]
>> Uh so Canton network by us is Canton as
as an L1 and you know again speaking of
on behalf of digital asset and then our
role within Canton but I think just
given my my interactions with the rest
of the Canton ecosystem um you know it's
an L1 it's it's it's a piece of
infrastructure we we as digital asset do
not have intentions of replacing
traditional banking services. Um I I
feel pretty confident in saying the
network itself doesn't either. Uh I
think that there are interesting
organizations um that are developing on
the network um that are [snorts]
providing some very cool services you
know neo bankanking type services are
are there's some really cool neo banks
that have popped up um on on canon and
they're they're doing very very
interesting things from payments to
yield to the deposits and savings to
collecting payroll you know um and so
will that replace it no uh I think
there's also very well traditional
banking
traditional banks that are that are
doing very very interesting things on
network um through their own services
through lending through uh through
through providing access to to crypto
assets and things like that. And so I
think both um are are really uh are
working um you know to to kind of tackle
this this the the own strategies within
within crypto um and in their own way.
Uh now we as a network and and we or as
as digital asset and then Canton as a
network I don't believe have any
intentions of of uh purposely replacing
that. We we hope to support both sides
and and whatever it is they look to do,
you know, given the the infrastructure
that we have um you know within uh
within our own control.
All right. Thank you for the question.
Do you have anything else to add? Um,
Jacob,
>> I I don't think so. I mean I I think
that um well yeah the I'll tie off by
saying that you know we one of the
things that that we're keenly focused on
as digital asset and and and helping to
to grow the ecosystem um is enabling you
know the the next wave of not only just
Canton itself but but the industry right
um we think we again we have some very
unique properties that we can provide as
as a company and that Canton can provide
as as an L1 um but you know the the the
coolest things that pop up um are within
any sort of technological shift are
always the ones that are developed at
the ground level. Um and by people
kickstarting their their
entrepreneurship journey or leaving
legacy jobs to to go and start something
off. So um we place a high priority on
uh on on all the new and interesting
ideas and and very happy to see what uh
what comes out of this program. Um
again, yeah, I put my telegram in here.
very happy to be accessible and help uh
help provide as much direction as we
possibly can. Um you know this is uh
having things like this happen and
programs like this take place is
something that you know three four five
years ago when when we were in in the
slog of of institutional crypto winter
just wasn't wasn't even on the radar.
And now to be able to uh to work with
organizations across the globe to to
deploy on canon and provide you know
meaningful services that um that can
help accelerate this ecosystem is is is
fantastic. So um very [clears throat]
much appreciate the opportunity um very
bullish on everything you guys are doing
uh within uh within this cohort and and
excited to see what comes out of it.
>> Very good. Lovely. Well, uh, thank you
very much, Jacob, for uh, your side, for
your time and, uh, really valuable
overview of the, uh, content, uh,
ecosystem as well. Now, just a key
reminders, um, as we're heading to the
final stretch, right? So, the final
submission closes on Monday, the 13th of
July at midnight. Okay? Uh, this means
that if it's midnight anywhere in the
world, submission will um, still be
open. Um, look at your time zone and
make sure that you don't miss this
submission deadline. Please, please,
please. Uh, there are no extensions. Uh,
so get in there before the buzz up.
Okay. Uh, your project must be deployed
on the content devet as well uh, in
order to be charged. uh local sandbox or
a local net is not enough and you will
need a real demo contract uh running
live on DevNet if it only runs on local
host. It is not finished yet. So make
sure it's on DevNet, please. If you guys
are using C port, it is great for
prototyping fast, but don't stop there.
You must actually deploy to the DevNet
validator and prove your contracts run
on Ledger. Uh C port mockup on its own
won't count as a deploy submission.
If you need help with deploying um just
rewatch the content tech deep dive in
the finished event section of the
program page. It it walks through uh
basically the full build plus devet uh
deploy. uh in today's session ruland
that you uh in a little bit. So if
you're stuck on anything like out uh dar
upload valid uh validator config uh then
drop it in the content channel uh
mentors and the team are there to
unblock you. So ask early, don't sit on
the problem. And just to remind you guys
again, so final submission Monday the
13th. Then there will be a period of
judging. We'll announce some finalists
depend on how good or how uh many many
subscription uh submissions will get.
This number will vary. Okay. Finalists
will be announced and have time to
prepare a presentation as well. Then
we'll have a finale uh which will be a
demo day uh where uh will happen on
Tuesday the 28th of July.
But that date may change depending on
the judging timeline as well. So keep an
eye on the discord for updates. And I
think that's all from me. So very nice.
Thank you very much um uh Jacob as well.
So for you everyone that participated on
on this event today uh now that you've
put in all the work um now it's time for
you to get it live on the devet and
finish it strong. Okay keep an eye on
the discord and the platform pages as
well. Uh so yeah thanks Jacob for the
workshop and good luck with your builds
guys.
>> Thanks again guys.